Updated PAJ GPS documentation with battery sensor (#45792)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/paj_gps.markdown

ha_codeowners:
  - '@skipperro'
ha_domain: paj_gps

> ha_zeroconf: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
we usually only add that if it is true

- **Speed**
  - **Description**: The current speed of the PAJ GPS device in km/h, as reported by the GPS module.
- **Battery level**

>   - **Description**: Remaining battery charge (0–100%) for PAJ GPS devices that have a built-in battery. Devices that are powered by the vehicle's electrical system, such as OBD, USB or hardwired trackers, usually do not have this sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Description**: Remaining battery charge (0–100%) for PAJ GPS devices that have a built-in battery. Devices that are powered by the vehicle's electrical system, such as OBD, USB, or hardwired trackers, usually do not have this sensor.
```

      entity_id: button.garage_door_open
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> {% endraw %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% example %}
automation: |
  alias: "Open garage door for the car"
  triggers:
    - trigger: zone
      entity_id: person.car_tracker
      zone: zone.home
      event: enter
  actions:
    - action: button.press
      target:
        entity_id: button.garage_door_open
{% endexample %}
```

Sending a notification when a device's battery drops below 25%:

> {% example %}
> alias: Notify when PAJ GPS battery is low
> description: "Send a notification when the tracker battery drops below 25%"
> triggers:
>   - trigger: numeric_state
>     entity_id: sensor.my_tracker_battery
>     below: 25
> actions:
>   - action: notify.send_message
>     target:
>       entity_id: notify.my_phone
>     data:
>       title: "Tracker battery low"
>       message: "Please recharge your tracker soon."
> {% endexample %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% example %}
automation: |
  alias: "Notify when PAJ GPS battery is low"
  triggers:
    - trigger: numeric_state
      entity_id: sensor.my_tracker_battery
      below: 25
  actions:
    - action: notify.send_message
      target:
        entity_id: notify.my_phone
      data:
        title: "Tracker battery low"
        message: "Please recharge your tracker soon."
{% endexample %}
```
my mistake. The example tag needs the automation key.

{% endraw %}

Sending a notification when a device's battery drops below 25%:

{% raw %}

> ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% example %}
```
liquid tags don't require the raw tags anymore. We can now wrap examples in an example tag.
https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_integrations/_integration_docs_template.markdown?plain=1#L175

alias: Notify when PAJ GPS battery is low
description: "Send a notification when the tracker battery drops below 25%"
triggers:
  - trigger: numeric_state
    entity_id: sensor.my_tracker_battery
    below: 25
actions:
  - action: notify.notify
    data:
      title: "Tracker battery low"
      message: >-
        Tracker battery is low:
        {{ states('sensor.my_tracker_battery') }}%.

>         Please recharge it soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - action: notify.send_message
    target:
      entity_id: notify.my_phone
    data:
      title: "Tracker battery low"
      message: "Please recharge your tracker soon."
```
notify.notify still works, but we are moving towards notify.send_message.
https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/notify/#notify-action

```

> {% endraw %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endexample %}
```

- The integration relies on the PAJ GPS cloud API, so if there are any issues with the API or your internet connection, the integration may not work properly.
- PAJ GPS devices also rely on GPS and cellular signals, so if the device is in an area with poor signal, the location updates may be inaccurate or delayed.
- PAJ GPS platform alerts, such as SOS/panic button, geofence entry/exit, movement, and speed alerts, are not currently supported.

> - Fleet-management features available on the PAJ GPS platform, such as logbooks, are not currently supported.

Reviewer: they are in the Known limitations section.
